Update ROADMAP.md (#6518)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: ROADMAP.md

This pattern is encouraged by [Relay](https://relay.dev/docs/tutorial/fragments-1/) and [Apollo Client (TypeScript)](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/optimizing-data-fetching-with-apollo-client-leveraging-usefragment-and-colocated-fragments) and may prove to be valuable to developers using Compose.

## IntelliJ plugin usability

We are planning to remove some of the limitations of the current plugin in order to make it easier to work with (by simplifying configuration, especially for server vs client use cases) as well as consume less resources (by skipping the Gradle daemon). This work is exploratory and will also unlock future improvements for the plugin such as adopting new GraphQL features and directives faster.

## [Cache improvements](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin/issues/2331) (on pause, feedback needed 🙏)

> `apollo-normalized-cache:1.0.0-alpha` [are available now](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/releases) and contains lots of new features like [Cache Control](https://apollographql.github.io/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/cache-control.html), [garbage collection](https://apollographql.github.io/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/garbage-collection.html), TTL, [partial cache results](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/issues/57), better performance and more...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo Normalized Cache v1 alphas [are available now](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/releases) and contain lots of new features like [Cache Control](https://apollographql.github.io/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/cache-control.html), [garbage collection](https://apollographql.github.io/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/garbage-collection.html), TTL, [partial cache results](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin-normalized-cache/issues/57), better performance and more...
```
